AUGUST to JUNE: Bringing Life to School
http://augusttojune.com/press-media/audience-comments/

The film's ever-present focus on the 'big picture' of education and life! was much appreciated here and provided lots of talking points. In particular, we really liked seeing how you conferenced with parents, e.g., paraphrased:  'In a few more years, none of you will even remember who the early readers and late readers were', the overall approach to literacy- holistically focused rather than merely skills-focused, the ample time you provided to social growth/experiences/conflict resolution, and the fact that you did not choose to hide those moments where you, as a teacher, needed to separate or redirect children when disruptive.  There is a whole, whole, whole lot more that I wish to say! It is sad to know that this marked your retirement, but very heart-warming to know that your school carries on.

After we screened August To June, Boynton, Boca Democratic Party Movie Night presenters said in all their years of doing this had they never seen an audience response so serene. People wanted to stay. No one was angry. Conversations that never occurred did so after this viewing. People who had known each other for years discovered commonalities that previously they did not know existed. When this was shared I asked for any theories. The response, in unison, August To June is warm.  It touches people. Real life school situations gave the audience hope not only for what could be, but already is. People were reminded of good times and the challenges that helped them grow greater. As a Teacher, Amy taught as I think wise to live. Reciprocal reverence.

I just want to share with you what I took away from the movie and what I found to be the most touching and intriguing part for me. The way you show the importance of the social/emotional piece in educating children is beautiful. BRAVO to you for drawing attention to a huge piece of what is missing in our educational system, and I believe greater society. Taking the time to be conscious, caring citizens of a community is something that teachers are unable to fully nurture with the other demands on their time. I believe that this film can make a difference. You will make a difference.

The film conveyed the spirit and the energy and the love that permeated everything there. It also documented the struggles and ups and downs that go on in any living situation, in any community, in any family. I am going to order the film and hope to show it to some of my friends who either have young children and/or who are still out there teaching in these difficult times for our education systems throughout much of the country.



AVENGERS ENDGAME:
================

POSITIVE 5 STAR:
================
I loved the movie a lot as I am great fan of marvel! Avengers: Endgame, which marks the end of the Infinity Saga, is spellbounding and surely an enthralling experience. The last film of the 'Avengers' franchise is remarkable and doesn't disappoint. Watching all our favourite superheroes in one film is just surpassing. Marvel has been working on this grand culmination ever since they released 'Iron Man'. I'm damn sure that all of their hard work and ambition has paid off. The directors, Anthony and Joe Russo, have made sure that it delivers an unforgettable experience. Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely have come up with a screenplay full of epic and unpredictable moments. The film has a great balance of humour, emotions and action. The biggest strength of the film is the emotions. This is the most emotional superhero film I have ever seen. It's just perfect. The action sequences were jaw-dropping. The climatic battle left me amazed. It's just filled with memorable moments and cannot be described with words. The visuals are gorgeous and have a great impact on the film. The humour doesn't look exaggerated and manages to entertain throughout the film. The plot twists were very impressive and suspenseful. The film features many cameos of characters from the previous MCU films, which just gives a double dose of excitement. The background score gives me goosebumps, though I've listened to it several times. It was really clever to make changes to the characterization of the Hulk. I enjoyed that a lot. But the show-stealer is Robert Downey Jr, who plays the role of Tony Stark/Iron Man. The man who started it all proves yet again that there's no one else who can perfect his role. Do not miss his powerful moments in the final battle.

NEUTRAL 3 STAR:
===============
Overrated Sequel, But Still Good, But Violent! Beloved characters die, a character gets their head cut off, someone falls off a cliff, stabbings, punching, shooting, and more. The characters swear a bit. Even Captain America does! Role models include, Captain America, Iron Man, Hulk, AntMan, Black Widow, Hawkeye. Thor not so much because he SPOILER ALERT: got fat and played Fortnite the entire 5 year period. He was funny, but you may not want your kid wanting to say 'I want to be like the God of Thunder and play fortnite all day'. Characters did kiss. Thor drank a lot of beer. Captain America proved himself of something but not saying what. With reviewing the movie, the first half hour was good, then the next half hour was slow. The second half hour was pretty good, but the last hour was epic. From just starting out with Iron Man, Cap, Thor, and Hulk, to this amazing fight scene at the end, Avengers Endgame really pulled it off. Overall, pretty good for families and a good finale for the Infinity Saga.

OR

I don't get why so many people like this movie so much, all they did was go back in time, so it didn't add much to the story. They also just added a whole bunch of scenes of previous marvel movies, and that is how they were able to make the movie three hours long. Now, getting to the inappropiate content for the parents. This is just your average superhero movie with sci-fi violence and some language. There are also strong roll models, but if you have a kid that is in elementary school or higher, you should let them watch this movie if they want to. But, I am not trying to parent your child, I am just giving my personal opinion, so you can choose to let them watch it, or you can prevent them from watching it.

NEGATIVE 1 STAR:
================
Disappointing storyline - too many sad crying scenes - too much shit swearing compared to other great Marvel movies! Even as an adult I don't appreciate swearing in movies. There are MANY people who don't use cuss words in their lives except maybe in adrenaline traffic moments. To hear Robert Downey jr's 'moment' with his young child using and laughing at the fact that she uses 'adult' language is teaching the new impressionable ages watching this, that it is okay when it isn't. They seemed to want to use their cuss word quota for the rating for this movie. Sad writing when that's how they get their best laughs from audience. Bring back your creative, quirky writers from the two The Defenders of the Galaxy. Now that's smart character development and writing without resorting to desperate shock value. We have loved every movie of that series and eagerly await the next one. The Storyline was soooo boring in this. All of us watching kept hoping it would improve and it didn't. I think the only real laugh we had was the encounter on the ship between Quill (StarLord) and Thor. Subtle, but funny. We all could've cared less if anyone died. That's how checked out we were watching this LONG 3 HRS!!! Why! It was torture and I felt robbed of my time in the end.


What a great way to end several major storylines that they invested in over the past 11 years. For people who have watched the saga, I feel like this is just the cherry on the top. My only complaint is something that you can't really get away from in superhero stories: the character 'powers' are totally inconsistent from scene to scene, and movie to movie. This is a trope that there's no getting away from, because if characters like Captain Marvel, Thor, Scarlet Witch, and Hulk were always as powerful as they show flashes of, then the story wouldn't even be a thing. Any one of them could destroy Thanos in the blink of an eye, and have done similar feats in other stories (and even in other scenes within a given story). That they sometimes 'reduce' their power to a lower level, without an explained mechanism, is pretty laughable, and makes some parts of the story a bit nonsensical. Yes, this constant Ex Machina is needed to maintain the drama and keep the plot going, but it's still something that takes me out of the story.

Superhero comics, and much of their adaptations, have long taken an outsized, soap opera-like approach to storytelling. At their best, they can take these fantastical ideas and make them emotionally resonant, even if there’s obviously no real-world phenomenon to connect them to. In some respects, Endgame pulls this off beautifully, like how the character Nebula confronts her past self through time travel, giving physical form to her personal growth. But as fun as the movie is, there’s an undeniable hollowness at its core induced by its unwillingness to follow through on certain ideas and symbols.
